Invoke tasks for managing kernel-matrix-testing system (#17791)
DataDog/datadog-agent: tasks/kernel_matrix_testing/README.md

# Kernel Matrix Testing system

## Overview
The Kernel Matrix Testing system is a new approach for testing system-probe. It uses libvirt and qemu to launch pre-provisioned VMs over a range of distributions and kernel versions. These VMs are used for running the test suite of system-probe.  

> Developers can check out this confluence page for more details about the system.   

Reviewer: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement. -->
**🥜 nitpick**
The confluence page link is missing

Author: So is the confluence page itself :sweat_smile:

This file will document the invoke tasks provided to easily manage the lifecycle of the VMs launched using this system.

The system works on the concept of `stacks`. A `stack` is a collection of VMs, both local and remote. A `stack` is given a unique name by the user. Convenience options for generating the name of the `stack` from the current branch is also provided. This allows the developers to couple `stacks` with their git workflow.
A `stack` may be:
- Created
- Configured
- Launched
- Paused
- Resumed
- Destroyed

> All subsequent commands are assumed to be executed from the root directory of the datadog-agent repository.

## Dependencies
### Linux
Review and run `tasks/kernel_matrix_testing/env-setup.sh`   
   
Download [test-infra-definitions](https://github.com/DataDog/test-infra-definitions) repository.   
From within the repository execute the following commands:  
```bash
go mod download
export PULUMI_CONFIG_PASSPHRASE=dummy
pulumi --non-interactive plugin install
pulumi --non-interactive plugin ls
```

> ### MacOS

Reviewer 2: I think we should mention that mac users can use this framework with bare metal machine instance in aws.

later in the readme (in `Initializing the environment` section) you mention mac users as they can use the framework, while from section it sounds like mac users can't do that)

# Kernel Matrix Testing system

## Overview
The Kernel Matrix Testing system is a new approach for testing system-probe. It uses libvirt and qemu to launch pre-provisioned VMs over a range of distributions and kernel versions. These VMs are used for running the test suite of system-probe.  

Developers can check out this confluence page for more details about the system.   

This file will document the invoke tasks provided to easily manage the lifecycle of the VMs launched using this system.

The system works on the concept of `stacks`. A `stack` is a collection of VMs, both local and remote. A `stack` is given a unique name by the user. Convenience options for generating the name of the `stack` from the current branch is also provided. This allows the developers to couple `stacks` with their git workflow.
A `stack` may be:
- Created
- Configured
- Launched
- Paused
- Resumed
- Destroyed

> > All subsequenct command are assumed to be executed from the root of the datadog-agent repository.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> All subsequent commands are assumed to be executed from the root directory of the datadog-agent repository.
```

## Dependencies
```bash
apt update
apt install -y \
    aria2 \
    fio \
    socat \
    qemu-kvm \
    libvirt-daemon-system \
    curl \
    debootstrap \
    libguestfs-tools \
    libvirt-dev \
    python3-pip \
    nfs-kernel-server \

>     rpcbind

Reviewer 3: Should we create a script to manage installing these dependencies? We should probably mention this is for Linux/Ubuntu hosts only.

Author: I did not want to make system-wide changes automatically. People may use different package manager, install directories for programs, etc.

> This step should be done only once.

```bash
inv -e kmt.init
```

> You may skip the downloading part if you are not setting up VMs locally. This is true for mac users for now! Linux users should not skip the download.
```bash
inv -e kmt.init --lite
```

### Create stack
```bash
inv -e kmt.create-stack --stack=demo-stack
```

### Configure stack
We will configure the stack to launch 
- Remote x86_64 machine with ubuntu-jammy, ubuntu-focal VMs.
- Remote arm64 machine with amazon linux 2 kernel 4.14, amazon linux 2 kernel 5.10 VMs.
- Amazon linux 2 kernel 5.15, amazon linux 2 kernel 5.4 VMs on local machine.
```bash
inv -e kmt.gen-config --vms=x86-jammy-distro,x86-focal-distro,arm64-amazon4.14-distro,arm64-amazon5.10-distro,local-amazon5.15-distro,local-amazon5.4-distro --stack=demo-stack
```

### Launch stack
This will bring up all the VMs previously configured.
```bash
# SSH key name for the key to use for launchine remote machine in sandbox
# The tasks will automatically look for the key in ~/.ssh
inv -e kmt.launch-stack --stack=demo-stack --ssh-key=<ssh-key>
```

### Connecting to VMs
```bash
inv -e kmt.info --stack=demo-stack
```

> This will print the ips of all the VMs and the remote machines if any

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will print the IP addresses of all the VMs and the remote machines if any
```
